Updated text for v9 and above (#4236)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Creating-a-Custom-Dashboard/index.md

One caveat is that the package.manifest file is loaded into memory when Umbraco starts up. If you are adding a new stylesheet or JavaScript file you will need to start and stop your application for it to be loaded.
:::

> **For version 9 and above:** If the title doesn't change colour, [Smidge](https://github.com/shazwazza/smidge) may be caching the CSS and JavaScript. To clear the cache and get it to load in the new JavaScript and CSS, you can configure the [Runtime minification settings](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Reference/Configuration/RuntimeMinificationSettings/#runtime-minification-settings) in the `appsettings.json` file. When you reload the page, you'll see the colourful title.
> 
> For information on creating bundles of your site's CSS or JavaScript files in your code, see the [Bundling & Minification for JavaScript and CSS](https://our.umbraco.com/Documentation/Fundamentals/Design/Stylesheets-Javascript/#bundling--minification-for-javascript-and-css) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For version 9 and above:** If the title doesn't change color, [Smidge](https://github.com/shazwazza/smidge) may be caching the CSS and JavaScript. To clear the cache and get it to load in the new JavaScript and CSS, you can configure the [Runtime minification settings](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Reference/Configuration/RuntimeMinificationSettings/#runtime-minification-settings) in the `appsettings.json` file. When you reload the page, you'll see the colorful title.

For information on creating bundles of your site's CSS or JavaScript files in your code, see the [Bundling & Minification for JavaScript and CSS](https://our.umbraco.com/Documentation/Fundamentals/Design/Stylesheets-Javascript/#bundling--minification-for-javascript-and-css) section.
```
